dlukeomalley/getting started (#18)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/getting-started.md

# Getting started

1. [Run Semgrep locally](#run-semgrep-locally)
2. [Write a rule](#write-a-rule)
3. [Run Semgrep continously](#run-semgrep-continuously)

# Run Semgrep locally

> We'll start by running [Semgrep CLI](https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep/) locally to scan your code. It runs locally and offline, on uncompiled code: **no code leaves your machine**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll start by running [Semgrep CLI](https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep/) locally to scan your code. It runs offline on uncompiled code: **no code leaves your machine**.
```

$ semgrep --config p/r2c-security-audit WebGoat
```

</p>
</details>
</br>

# 2. Write a rule

> With Semgep running locally, see the [Semgrep Tutorial](https://semgrep.dev/learn) to quickly learn how to write precise rules. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Semgep is running locally, see the [Semgrep Tutorial](https://semgrep.dev/learn) to quickly learn how to write precise rules. 
```
? Or what we have now is fine too
